[Autogenerated] All right, let's talk about CloudWatch events now.
What are CloudWatch events?
Well,
CloudWatch events allow us to have near real time streams of different events.
That error showing changes in our AWS resource is so we can
quickly set up rules that allow us to watch for certain events
and perform certain actions similar to alarm that we saw earlier
now four CloudWatch events.
There are two different types of triggers.
The first is a scheduled trigger, so based on a schedule that we set,
our CloudWatch event will self trigger.
And then there's event.
Now this is a CloudTrail event,
and we will discuss CloudTrail a little bit deeper later on in this course.
But for now,
the gist of it is that it's an event more API call
that's being made in your account.
Now to go ahead and get a better grasp of this.
Let's go ahead and demo these CloudWatch events now for these demos.
When we create these events,
we'll go ahead and make one that's a scheduled trigger
as well as an event based trigger.
So let's go ahead.
We'll wrap up here and then let's swing into the next clip where we'll start getting some hands on and digging into the console